[TT-11273, DX-1111] Update documentation for 5.0 LTS (gateway) (#4189)
TykTechnologies/tyk-docs: tyk-docs/content/shared/x-tyk-gateway.md

Tyk classic API definition: `auth_configs["oidc"]`.

**Field: `custom` ([CustomPluginAuthentication](#custompluginauthentication))**
Custom contains the configurations related to Custom authentication mode.

Tyk classic API definition: `auth_configs["coprocess"]`.

**Field: `securitySchemes` ([SecuritySchemes](#securityschemes))**
SecuritySchemes contains security schemes definitions.

### **ClientCertificates**

ClientCertificates holds a list of client certificates which are allowed to make requests against the server.

**Field: `enabled` (`boolean`)**
Enabled enables static mTLS for the API.

**Field: `allowlist` (`[]string`)**
Allowlist is the list of client certificates which are allowed.

### **GatewayTags**

GatewayTags holds a list of segment tags that should apply for a gateway.

**Field: `enabled` (`boolean`)**
Enabled enables use of segment tags.

**Field: `tags` (`[]string`)**
Tags is a list of segment tags

### **Domain**

Domain holds the configuration of the domain name the server should listen on.

**Field: `enabled` (`boolean`)**
Enabled allow/disallow the usage of the domain.

**Field: `name` (`string`)**
Name is the name of the domain.

### **Global**

> Global holds configuration applies globally: CORS and caching.

Reviewer: Plugins was missing in description.
Caching is included in the description but the field is missing in global.

```suggestion
Global holds configuration that applies globally, related to CORS, plugins and caching.
```

**Field: `pluginConfig` ([PluginConfig](#pluginconfig))**

> PluginConfig contains the configuration related custom plugin bundles/driver.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
PluginConfig contains the configuration related to custom plugins, such as bundles and driver.
```

**Field: `cors` ([CORS](#cors))**

> CORS contains the configuration related to cross origin resource sharing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
CORS contains the configuration related to Cross Origin Resource Sharing.
```

Tyk classic API definition: `CORS`.

**Field: `prePlugin` ([PrePlugin](#preplugin))**
PrePlugin contains configuration related to custom pre-authentication plugin.

Tyk classic API definition: `custom_middleware.pre`.

**Field: `postAuthenticationPlugin` ([PostAuthenticationPlugin](#postauthenticationplugin))**
PostAuthenticationPlugin contains configuration related to custom post authentication plugin.

Tyk classic API definition: `custom_middleware.post_key_auth`.

**Field: `postPlugin` ([PostPlugin](#postplugin))**
PostPlugin contains configuration related to custom post plugin.

Tyk classic API definition: `custom_middleware.post`.

**Field: `responsePlugin` ([ResponsePlugin](#responseplugin))**
ResponsePlugin contains configuration related to custom post plugin.

Tyk classic API definition: `custom_middleware.response`.

**Field: `cache` ([Cache](#cache))**
Cache contains the configurations related to caching.

Tyk classic API definition: `cache_options`.

### **Operations**

> Operations holds Operation definitions.

Reviewer: Should there be field(s) added and explained here? Is Operations a list type containing instances of Operation?

Type defined as object of `Operation` values, see [Operation](#operation) definition.

### **VersionToID**

VersionToID contains a single mapping from a version name into an API ID.

**Field: `name` (`string`)**
Name contains the user chosen version name, e.g. `v1` or similar.

**Field: `id` (`string`)**
ID is the API ID for the version set in Name.

### **ServiceDiscoveryCache**

ServiceDiscoveryCache holds configuration for caching ServiceDiscovery data.

**Field: `enabled` (`boolean`)**
Enabled turns service discovery cache on or off.

Tyk classic API definition: `service_discovery.cache_disabled`.

**Field: `timeout` (`int64`)**
Timeout is the TTL for a cached object in seconds.

Tyk classic API definition: `service_discovery.cache_timeout`.

### **DomainToCertificate**

DomainToCertificate holds a single mapping of domain name into a certificate.

**Field: `domain` (`string`)**
Domain contains the domain name.

**Field: `certificate` (`string`)**
Certificate contains the certificate mapped to the domain.

### **PinnedPublicKeys**

PinnedPublicKeys is a list of domains and pinned public keys for them.

> Type defined as array of `PinnedPublicKey` values, see [PinnedPublicKey](#pinnedpublickey) definition.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The list contains instances of `PinnedPublicKey`. See [PinnedPublicKey](#pinnedpublickey) definition.
```

- `hmac-sha256`
- `hmac-sha384`
- `hmac-sha512`

and reads the value from algorithm header.

Tyk classic API definition: `hmac_allowed_algorithms`.

**Field: `allowedClockSkew` (`float64`)**
AllowedClockSkew is the amount of milliseconds that will be tolerated for clock skew. It is used against replay attacks.
The default value is `0`, which deactivates clock skew checks.

Tyk classic API definition: `hmac_allowed_clock_skew`.

### **OIDC**

OIDC contains configuration for the OIDC authentication mode.

**Field: `enabled` (`boolean`)**
Enabled enables the OIDC authentication mode.

Tyk classic API definition: `use_openid`.

**Field: `segregateByClientId` (`boolean`)**
SegregateByClientId is a boolean flag. If set to `true, the policies will be applied to a combination of Client ID and User ID.

Tyk classic API definition: `openid_options.segregate_by_client`.

**Field: `providers` ([[]Provider](#provider))**
Providers contains a list of authorised providers and their Client IDs, and matched policies.

Tyk classic API definition: `openid_options.providers`.

**Field: `scopes` ([Scopes](#scopes))**
Scopes contains the defined scope claims.

### **CustomPluginAuthentication**

> CustomPluginAuthentication holds configuration for custom plugins.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
CustomPluginAuthentication holds configuration for authentication custom plugins.
```

**Field: `enabled` (`boolean`)**
Enabled enables the CustomPluginAuthentication authentication mode.

Tyk classic API definition: `enable_coprocess_auth`/`use_go_plugin_auth`.

**Field: `config` ([AuthenticationPlugin](#authenticationplugin))**
Config contains configuration related to custom authentication plugin.

Tyk classic API definition: `custom_middleware.auth_check`.

### **SecuritySchemes**

> SecuritySchemes holds security scheme values, filled with Import().

Reviewer: Should there be field descriptions included for this type? Does this mean that security scheme values are auto populated from a golang import?

### **PluginConfig**

PluginConfig holds configuration for custom plugins.

**Field: `driver` (`string`)**

> Driver configures which custom plugin to be used.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Driver configures the target language for the custom plugin.
```

It's value should be set to one of the following:

- `otto`,
- `python`,
- `lua`,
- `grpc`,
- `goplugin`.

Tyk classic API definition: `custom_middleware.driver`.

**Field: `bundle` ([PluginBundle](#pluginbundle))**
Bundle configures custom plugin bundles.

**Field: `data` ([PluginConfigData](#pluginconfigdata))**
Data configures custom plugin data.

### **CORS**

CORS holds configuration for cross-origin resource sharing.

**Field: `enabled` (`boolean`)**
Enabled is a boolean flag, if set to `true`, this option enables CORS processing.

Tyk classic API definition: `CORS.enable`.

**Field: `maxAge` (`int`)**
MaxAge indicates how long (in seconds) the results of a preflight request can be cached. The default is 0 which stands for no max age.

Tyk classic API definition: `CORS.max_age`.

**Field: `allowCredentials` (`boolean`)**
AllowCredentials indicates whether the request can include user credentials like cookies,
HTTP authentication or client side SSL certificates.

Tyk classic API definition: `CORS.allow_credentials`.

**Field: `exposedHeaders` (`[]string`)**
ExposedHeaders indicates which headers are safe to expose to the API of a CORS API specification.

> 

Reviewer: Is there a way to remove the additional line space here and in occurrences in the fields below?

Tyk classic API definition: `CORS.exposed_headers`.

**Field: `allowedHeaders` (`[]string`)**
AllowedHeaders holds a list of non simple headers the client is allowed to use with cross-domain requests.

Tyk classic API definition: `CORS.allowed_headers`.

**Field: `optionsPassthrough` (`boolean`)**
OptionsPassthrough is a boolean flag. If set to `true`, it will proxy the CORS OPTIONS pre-flight
request directly to upstream, without authentication and any CORS checks. This means that pre-flight
requests generated by web-clients such as SwaggerUI or the Tyk Portal documentation system
will be able to test the API using trial keys.

If your service handles CORS natively, then enable this option.

Tyk classic API definition: `CORS.options_passthrough`.

**Field: `debug` (`boolean`)**

> Debug is a boolean flag, If set to `true`, this option produces log files for the CORS middleware.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Debug is a boolean flag. If set to `true`, this option produces log files for the CORS middleware.
```

Tyk classic API definition: `CORS.debug`.

**Field: `allowedOrigins` (`[]string`)**
AllowedOrigins holds a list of origin domains to allow access from. Wildcards are also supported, e.g. `http://*.foo.com`

Tyk classic API definition: `CORS.allowed_origins`.

**Field: `allowedMethods` (`[]string`)**

> AllowedMethods holds a list of methods to allow access via.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
AllowedMethods holds a list of methods to allow access from in inbound requests.
```

Tyk classic API definition: `CORS.allowed_methods`.

### **PrePlugin**

PrePlugin configures pre stage plugins.

**Field: `plugins` ([CustomPlugins](#customplugins))**
Plugins configures custom plugins to be run on pre authentication stage.
The plugins would be executed in the order of configuration in the list.

### **PostAuthenticationPlugin**

PostAuthenticationPlugin configures post authentication plugins.

**Field: `plugins` ([CustomPlugins](#customplugins))**

> Plugins configures custom plugins to be run on pre authentication stage.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Plugins configures custom plugins to be run on post authentication stage.
```

The plugins would be executed in the order of configuration in the list.

### **PostPlugin**

PostPlugin configures post plugins.

**Field: `plugins` ([CustomPlugins](#customplugins))**
Plugins configures custom plugins to be run on post stage.
The plugins would be executed in the order of configuration in the list.

### **ResponsePlugin**

ResponsePlugin configures response plugins.

**Field: `plugins` ([CustomPlugins](#customplugins))**

> Plugins configures custom plugins to be run on post stage.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Plugins configures custom plugins to be run on response stage.
```

The plugins would be executed in the order of configuration in the list.

### **Cache**

Cache holds configuration for caching the requests.

**Field: `enabled` (`boolean`)**
Enabled turns global cache middleware on or off. It is still possible to enable caching on a per-path basis

> by explicitly setting the endpoint cache middleware.

Reviewer: Add link to config for endpoint cache middleware.

Tyk classic API definition: `cache_options.enable_cache`.

**Field: `timeout` (`int64`)**
Timeout is the TTL for a cached object in seconds.

Tyk classic API definition: `cache_options.cache_timeout`.

**Field: `cacheAllSafeRequests` (`boolean`)**

> CacheAllSafeRequests caches responses to (`GET`, `HEAD`, `OPTIONS`) requests overrides per-path cache settings in versions,

Reviewer: Not sure I understand this correctly, so checking. Is versions part of the APIDefinition? So it means that if there are any per-path cache settings included in the versions section of the APIDefinition then they are overridden by this configuration section. Not sure what means by across versions? Overrides all configured per-path cache settings in all versions of config? 

```suggestion
CacheAllSafeRequests caches responses to (`GET`, `HEAD`, `OPTIONS`) requests. This overrides any per-path cache settings that are configured in versions configuration section.
```

**Field: `idExtractor` ([IDExtractor](#idextractor))**
IDExtractor configures ID extractor with coprocess custom authentication.

### **PluginBundle**

PluginBundle holds configuration for custom plugins.

**Field: `enabled` (`boolean`)**
Enabled enables the custom plugin bundles.

Tyk classic API definition: `custom_middleware_bundle_disabled`.

**Field: `path` (`string`)**
Path is the path suffix to construct the URL to fetch plugin bundle from.

> Path will be suffixed to `bundle_base_url` in gateway config.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Path will be appended to `bundle_base_url` in gateway config.
```

### **PluginConfigData**

> PluginConfigData configures config data for custom plugins.

Reviewer: Add explanation and example of config data for custom plugins in the description.

**Field: `enabled` (`boolean`)**
Enabled enables custom plugin config data.

**Field: `value` (`any`)**
Value is the value of custom plugin config data.

### **CustomPlugins**

> CustomPlugins is a list of CustomPlugin.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
CustomPlugins is a list of CustomPlugin instances.
```

Type defined as array of `CustomPlugin` values, see [CustomPlugin](#customplugin) definition.

### **ClientToPolicy**

ClientToPolicy contains a 1-1 mapping between Client ID and Policy ID.

**Field: `clientId` (`string`)**
ClientID contains a Client ID.

**Field: `policyId` (`string`)**
PolicyID contains a Policy ID.

### **ScopeToPolicy**

ScopeToPolicy contains a single scope to policy ID mapping.

**Field: `scope` (`string`)**
Scope contains the scope name.

**Field: `policyId` (`string`)**
PolicyID contains the Policy ID.

### **IDExtractor**

IDExtractor configures ID Extractor.

**Field: `enabled` (`boolean`)**
Enabled enables ID extractor with coprocess authentication.

**Field: `source` (`string`)**
Source is the source from which ID to be extracted from.

**Field: `with` (`string`)**
With is the type of ID extractor to be used.

**Field: `config` ([IDExtractorConfig](#idextractorconfig))**
Config holds the configuration specific to ID extractor type mentioned via With.

### **CustomPlugin**

> CustomPlugin configures custom plugin.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
CustomPlugin configures a custom plugin.
```

**Field: `enabled` (`boolean`)**

> Enabled enables the custom pre plugin.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Enabled enables the custom plugin.
```

**Field: `functionName` (`string`)**

> FunctionName is the name of authentication method.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
FunctionName is the name of the function that implements the plugin.
```

**Field: `path` (`string`)**

> Path is the path to shared object file in case of gopluign mode or path to js code in case of otto auth plugin.

Reviewer: Typo and sentence refactor

```suggestion
Path is the path to a shared object file for a Go plugin. Alternatively, for an otto plugin it represents the path to aJS source code file.
```

**Field: `rawBodyOnly` (`boolean`)**

> RawBodyOnly if set to true, do not fill body in request or response object.

Reviewer: Not sure understand this, does it mean that if this is set to true then the text of the request or response body is not filled in an object property?

**Field: `requireSession` (`boolean`)**
RequireSession if set to true passes down the session information for plugins after authentication.

> RequireSession is used only with JSVM custom middleware.

Reviewer: Does it also get sent for [gRPC custom middleware](https://tyk.io/docs/plugins/supported-languages/rich-plugins/rich-plugins-data-structures/#sessionstate-session_stateproto)?

**Field: `xPathExp` (`string`)**
XPathExp is the xpath expression to match ID.

### **EndpointPostPlugins**

> Type defined as array of `EndpointPostPlugin` values, see [EndpointPostPlugin](#endpointpostplugin) definition.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Type defined as array of `EndpointPostPlugin` instances, see [EndpointPostPlugin](#endpointpostplugin) definition.
```

> ### **OAuthProvider**

Reviewer: Missing summary description and field descriptions

**Field: `jwt` ([JWTValidation](#jwtvalidation))**

**Field: `introspection` ([Introspection](#introspection))**

> ### **JWTValidation**

Reviewer: Missing summary description.

**Field: `enabled` (`boolean`)**
Enabled enables OAuth access token validation by introspection to a third party.

**Field: `signingMethod` (`string`)**

> SigningMethod to verify signing method used in jwt - allowed values HMAC/RSA/ECDSA.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
SigningMethod to verify signing method used in JWT - allowed values HMAC/RSA/ECDSA.
```

**Field: `source` (`string`)**

> Source is the secret to verify signature, it could be one among:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Source is the secret used to verify the signature. Valid values are:
```

- a base64 encoded static secret,
- a valid JWK url in plain text,
- a valid JWK url in base64 encoded format.

**Field: `identityBaseField` (`string`)**
IdentityBaseField is the identity claim name.

**Field: `issuedAtValidationSkew` (`uint64`)**
IssuedAtValidationSkew is the clock skew to be considered while validating iat claim.

**Field: `notBeforeValidationSkew` (`uint64`)**
NotBeforeValidationSkew is the clock skew to be considered while validating nbf claim.

**Field: `expiresAtValidationSkew` (`uint64`)**
ExpiresAtValidationSkew is the clock skew to be considered while validating exp claim.

> ### **Introspection**

Reviewer: Missing summary description.

**Field: `enabled` (`boolean`)**
Enabled enables OAuth access token validation by introspection to a third party.

**Field: `url` (`string`)**
URL is the URL of the third party provider's introspection endpoint.

**Field: `clientId` (`string`)**
ClientID is the public identifier for the client, acquired from the third party.

**Field: `clientSecret` (`string`)**

> ClientSecret is a secret known only to the client and the authorization server, acquired from the third party.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
ClientSecret is a secret known only to the client and the authorisation server, acquired from the third party.
```

**Field: `identityBaseField` (`string`)**

> IdentityBaseField is the key showing where to find the user id in the claims. If it is empty, the `sub` key is looked at.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
IdentityBaseField is the key for the field in the claims that contains the user id. If it is empty, the default behaviour is to inspect the `sub` key.
```

**Field: `cache` ([IntrospectionCache](#introspectioncache))**

> Cache is the caching mechanism for introspection responses.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Cache is the caching mechanism that is used for introspection responses.
```

> ### **IntrospectionCache**

Reviewer: Missing summary description.

**Field: `enabled` (`boolean`)**
Enabled enables the caching mechanism for introspection responses.

**Field: `timeout` (`int64`)**

> Timeout is the duration in seconds of how long the cached value stays.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Timeout represents the duration in seconds for how long a value remains in the cache.
```

For introspection caching, it is suggested to use a short interval.

> ### **ExternalOAuth**

Reviewer: Missing summary description and field descriptions.

**Field: `enabled` (`boolean`)**

**Field: `providers` ([[]OAuthProvider](#oauthprovider))**

### **Allowance**

Allowance describes allowance actions and behaviour.

**Field: `enabled` (`boolean`)**
Enabled is a boolean flag, if set to `true`, then individual allowances (allow, block, ignore) will be enforced.

**Field: `ignoreCase` (`boolean`)**
IgnoreCase is a boolean flag, If set to `true`, checks for requests allowance will be case insensitive.

### **AllowanceType**

> AllowanceType holds the valid allowance types values.

Reviewer: Could this be expanded to mention the valid type of allowance values?

### **AuthSource**

> AuthSource defines an authentication source.

Reviewer: This type is used to configure an authentication source such as a cookie, token in header field etc?

```suggestion
AuthSource allows an authentication source (cookie, header or query parameter) to be specified and activated.
```

**Field: `enabled` (`boolean`)**
Enabled enables the auth source.

Tyk classic API definition: `auth_configs[X].use_param/use_cookie`.

**Field: `name` (`string`)**
Name is the name of the auth source.

Tyk classic API definition: `auth_configs[X].param_name/cookie_name`.

### **AuthSources**

AuthSources defines authentication source configuration: headers, cookies and query parameters.

Tyk classic API definition: `auth_configs{}`.

**Field: `header` ([AuthSource](#authsource))**
Header contains configurations for the header value auth source, it is enabled by default.

Tyk classic API definition: `auth_configs[x].header`.

**Field: `cookie` ([AuthSource](#authsource))**
Cookie contains configurations for the cookie value auth source.

Tyk classic API definition: `auth_configs[x].cookie`.

**Field: `query` ([AuthSource](#authsource))**
Query contains configurations for the query parameters auth source.

Tyk classic API definition: `auth_configs[x].query`.

### **Basic**

> Basic type holds configuration values related to http basic authentication.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Basic type holds configuration values related to HTTP basic authentication.
```

Tyk classic API definition: `basic_auth.cache_ttl`.

**Field: `extractCredentialsFromBody` ([ExtractCredentialsFromBody](#extractcredentialsfrombody))**
ExtractCredentialsFromBody helps to extract username and password from body. In some cases, like dealing with SOAP,
user credentials can be passed via request body.

### **CachePlugin**

CachePlugin holds the configuration for the cache plugins.

**Field: `enabled` (`boolean`)**
Enabled is a boolean flag. If set to `true`, the advanced caching plugin will be enabled.

**Field: `cacheByRegex` (`string`)**
CacheByRegex defines a regular expression used against the request body to produce a cache key.

Example value: `\"id\":[^,]*` (quoted json value).

**Field: `cacheResponseCodes` (`[]int`)**
CacheResponseCodes contains a list of valid response codes for responses that are okay to add to the cache.

### **EndpointPostPlugin**

EndpointPostPlugin contains endpoint level post plugin configuration.

**Field: `enabled` (`boolean`)**
Enabled enables post plugin.

**Field: `name` (`string`)**
Name is the name of plugin function to be executed.

**Field: `path` (`string`)**

> Path is the path to plugin.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Path is the path to the plugin.
```

### **EnforceTimeout**

EnforceTimeout holds the configuration for enforcing request timeouts.

**Field: `enabled` (`boolean`)**
Enabled is a boolean flag. If set to `true`, requests will enforce a configured timeout.

**Field: `value` (`int`)**
Value is the configured timeout in seconds.

### **ExtractCredentialsFromBody**

ExtractCredentialsFromBody configures extracting credentials from the request body.

**Field: `enabled` (`boolean`)**
Enabled enables extracting credentials from body.

Tyk classic API definition: `basic_auth.extract_from_body`.

**Field: `userRegexp` (`string`)**

> UserRegexp is the regex for username e.g. `<User>(.*)</User>`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
UserRegexp is the regex used to extract the username e.g. `<User>(.*)</User>`.
```

Tyk classic API definition: `basic_auth.userRegexp`.

**Field: `passwordRegexp` (`string`)**

> PasswordRegexp is the regex for password e.g. `<Password>(.*)</Password>`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
PasswordRegexp is the regex used to extract the password e.g. `<Password>(.*)</Password>`.
```

Tyk classic API definition: `basic_auth.passwordRegexp`.

### **FieldDocError**

FieldDocError holds a list of errors.

> ### **FieldInfo**

Reviewer: Explain what this field relate to (JSON, database, header field etc.)

FieldInfo holds details about a field.

**Field: `doc` (`string`)**
Doc is field docs. comments that are not part of docs are excluded.

**Field: `json_name` (`string`)**
JSONName is the corresponding json name of the field.

**Field: `json_type` (`string`)**
JSONType valid json type if it was found

**Field: `go_path` (`string`)**
GoPath is the go path of this field starting from root object

**Field: `map_key` (`string`)**
MapKey is the map key type, if this field is a map

**Field: `is_array` (`boolean`)**
IsArray reports if this field is an array.

### **FromOASExamples**

> FromOASExamples configures mock responses should be returned from OAS example responses.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
FromOASExamples configures mock responses to be returned using OAS example responses.
```

**Field: `enabled` (`boolean`)**
Enabled enables getting a mock response from OAS examples or schemas documented in OAS.

**Field: `code` (`int`)**
Code is the default HTTP response code that the gateway reads from the path responses documented in OAS.

**Field: `contentType` (`string`)**
ContentType is the default HTTP response body type that the gateway reads from the path responses documented in OAS.

**Field: `exampleName` (`string`)**
ExampleName is the default example name among multiple path response examples documented in OAS.

### **Header**

Header holds a header name and value pair.

**Field: `name` (`string`)**
Name is the name of the header.

**Field: `value` (`string`)**
Value is the value of the header.

> ### **JWT**

Reviewer: Missing field descriptions.

JWT holds the configuration for the JWT middleware.

> **Field: `enabled` (`boolean`)**

Reviewer: Missing description.

that they include in the JWT: `client_id`, `cid`, `clientId`. Setting this flag to `true` disables the mapping and avoids
accidentally misidentifying the use of one of these IDPs if one of their standard values is configured in your JWT.

### **MockResponse**

MockResponse configures the mock responses.

**Field: `enabled` (`boolean`)**
Enabled enables the mock response middleware.

**Field: `code` (`int`)**
Code is the HTTP response code that will be returned.

**Field: `body` (`string`)**
Body is the HTTP response body that will be returned.

**Field: `headers` ([[]Header](#header))**
Headers are the HTTP response headers that will be returned.

**Field: `fromOASExamples` ([FromOASExamples](#fromoasexamples))**
FromOASExamples is the configuration to extract a mock response from OAS documentation.

### **Notifications**

Notifications holds configuration for updates to keys.

**Field: `sharedSecret` (`string`)**
SharedSecret is the shared secret used in the notification request.

**Field: `onKeyChangeUrl` (`string`)**
OnKeyChangeURL is the URL a request will be triggered against.

> ### **OAuth**

Reviewer: Missing field descriptions

**Field: `virtualEndpoint` ([VirtualEndpoint](#virtualendpoint))**
VirtualEndpoint contains virtual endpoint configuration.

**Field: `postPlugins` ([EndpointPostPlugins](#endpointpostplugins))**
PostPlugins contains endpoint level post plugins configuration.

> ### **Path**

Reviewer: Missing field descriptions

Path holds plugin configurations for HTTP method verbs.

**Field: `DELETE` ([Plugins](#plugins))**

**Field: `GET` ([Plugins](#plugins))**

**Field: `HEAD` ([Plugins](#plugins))**

**Field: `OPTIONS` ([Plugins](#plugins))**

**Field: `PATCH` ([Plugins](#plugins))**

**Field: `POST` ([Plugins](#plugins))**

**Field: `PUT` ([Plugins](#plugins))**

**Field: `TRACE` ([Plugins](#plugins))**

**Field: `CONNECT` ([Plugins](#plugins))**

### **Paths**

Paths is a mapping of API endpoints to Path plugin configurations.

Type defined as object of `Path` values, see [Path](#path) definition.

### **Plugins**

> Plugins configures common settings for each plugin, allowances, transforms, caching and timeouts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Plugins configures common settings for each plugin, relating to allowances, transforms, caching and timeouts.
```

**Field: `allow` ([Allowance](#allowance))**
Allow request by allowance.

**Field: `block` ([Allowance](#allowance))**
Block request by allowance.

**Field: `ignoreAuthentication` ([Allowance](#allowance))**
Ignore authentication on request by allowance.

**Field: `transformRequestMethod` ([TransformRequestMethod](#transformrequestmethod))**
TransformRequestMethod allows you to transform the method of a request.

**Field: `cache` ([CachePlugin](#cacheplugin))**
Cache allows you to cache the server side response.

**Field: `enforcedTimeout` ([EnforceTimeout](#enforcetimeout))**
EnforceTimeout allows you to configure a request timeout.

> ### **SecurityScheme**

Reviewer: Can there be further fields included and explained in this type?

SecurityScheme defines an Importer interface for security schemes.

### **Signature**

> Signature holds the configuration for signature validation.

Reviewer: Missing field descriptions

**Field: `enabled` (`boolean`)**

**Field: `algorithm` (`string`)**

**Field: `header` (`string`)**

**Field: `query` ([AuthSource](#authsource))**

**Field: `secret` (`string`)**

**Field: `allowedClockSkew` (`int64`)**

**Field: `errorCode` (`int`)**

**Field: `errorMessage` (`string`)**

> ### **StructInfo**

Reviewer: Should this type be removed? Is it a type related to config docs generation using godoc?

StructInfo holds ast field information for the docs generator.

**Field: `Name` (`string`)**
Name is struct go name.

**Field: `fields` ([[]*FieldInfo](#fieldinfo))**
Fields holds information of the fields, if this object is a struct.

### **Token**

> Token holds the values related to authentication tokens.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Token configures behaviour relating to authentication tokens.
```

**Field: `body` (`string`)**
Body base64 encoded representation of the template.

### **TransformRequestMethod**

TransformRequestMethod holds configuration for rewriting request methods.

**Field: `enabled` (`boolean`)**
Enabled enables Method Transform for the given path and method.

**Field: `toMethod` (`string`)**
ToMethod is the http method value to which the method of an incoming request will be transformed.

> ### **TykExtensionConfigParams**

Reviewer: Missing field descriptions

**Field: `requireSession` (`boolean`)**
RequireSession if enabled passes session to virtual endpoint.

> ### **XTykDoc**

Reviewer: Should this section be included? Is it specific to godoc generation?

Have seen the [PR](https://github.com/TykTechnologies/tyk/pull/6089) to resolve in tyk repository.
Why is this file apidef/oas/schema/x-tyk-gateway.md being deleted? Will that effect docs generation?

Reviewer 2: The old docgen is not in use anymore. The removal gets rid of the symbols that were previously exposed by the docgen. The .md file is not in use for docs sync anymore, the generator runs directly.

Reviewer: Thanks @titpetric I've approved PR
